[Doc][SPIR-V] Allow function pointers to be used with SPV_KHR_untyped_pointers (#17451)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/design/spirv-extensions/SPV_INTEL_function_pointers.asciidoc

[width="40%",cols="25,25"]
|==================================
| Last Modified Date | 2025-03-13
| Revision           | 10
|==================================

== Dependencies

This extension is written against the SPIR-V Specification, Version 1.6
Revision 5, Unified.

> This extension interacts with link:https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Registry/blob/main/extensions/KHR/SPV_KHR_untyped_pointers.asciidoc[*SPV_KHR_untyped_pointers*] extension.

Reviewer: Nitpick: It'd be best to link to the rendered HTML specification rather than the asciidoc source.

```suggestion
This extension interacts with link:https://github.khronos.org/SPIRV-Registry/extensions/KHR/SPV_KHR_untyped_pointers.html[*SPV_KHR_untyped_pointers*] extension.
```
